# Repentance
> [J2. 8:50 — 11:16]

This is a public repository, you're open to sharing the document with anyone you think is necessary, If you have a personal gripe about me please confront me about it my dms are always open and I will answer everyone (nileubana). However, I don't think I will be comfortable with this file being shared in a public server especially PMCH and StyLiS, before sharing it to hivemind please first ask for permission from me. English isn't my first language and if I make grammatical errors or there are things that you don't understand and want me to expand on please let me know.


In my opinion I should address members of Pequod first and foremost, I considered most of you to be my friends and starting to see multiple people reject my presence affected me a lot, it was not a great feeling especially after I spent so much time within the server. I want to sincerely apologize to everyone that got grazed with my egoistic statements, I acted unpromptly just straight up evil and I want you to know that I realize my unsavory behavior, I feel straight up disgusted at myself for trying to act one above all and trying to push my opinions as the only right way to do things, I want to let you know that I'm no higher if anything I'm below than the average human being for what I have done and said to you. If you still think that I don't deserve to be spoken to, don't bother to unblock me, I deserved this outcome and shall take the punishment as obliged, It is only up to you to forgive me or not.

The next point applies to everyone that knows me and very much the core way to see me as a person. I am not an adult. I am not someone  that *knows everything about the world*. I'm no more mature than an average teen of my age by even a brink. I am Amel Nileubana and I am 17 years old, born to be 1st of February 2009, and that's the only right way to perceive me. I sincerely apologize to everyone that trusted me being a functioning adult that could give advice when I am certainly not, I will say that this also falls under my problems with my ego, I thought that I wouldn't ever enter something serious that would require me to be the real me and at the very core this was entirely wrong I shouldn't have devoted to trying being a false adult or someone more mature than they really are from the very start because just being honest to people is the least thing you can do to be called a nice person, and it definitely wasn't the nicest things I've done, I now hate the idea of trying to be someone bigger than I really am, I hate the idea of people perceiving me as someone more mature than I really am, I.. I don't even have enough words to describe how disgustingly pathetic and miserable it feels to overlook my actions from a third point perspective over the course of my internet activity. I am sorry.

People that I know from PMCH.. I apologize for being so abrasive and just acting incredibly immature, I ego'd a lot of people there while trying to act like I'm completely innocent and have nothing to be confronted about, when I definitely hurted people with being incredible mean and ignorant. I can't say a lot about my behavior within the server, it all generally comes down to being egoistic and I am sorry for that.

At last I want to say that you don't have to forgive me for stuff that I have done or assume that I will magically turn my personality 180 degrees and be a friend to everyone, I will take my time to concrete everything within myself and realize the full picture, because there's just so much to it.. I can only say that communication will be the only way for me to change, if I hurt you or I said something that made you feel in a way, **Please** tell me about it. I would have never seen what is wrong with myself if I didn't get the third perspective and someone to explain to me what I have done wrong, it's a process that takes time and patience and I realize that and at the very least I have the courage and will to overcome the monster that planted with me (yes I know it sounds corny).

This is the least I can say. Thank you for taking your time reading this.

Sincerely, Amel.
